Virtual BBS
Version 3.20

(C)1999-2002 by Darryl Perry

Vagabond Software:
http://vs3.vbsoft.org/
                           

What is Virtual BBS?:
-----------------------
    This is a simulation of what it may be like to be a system operator
    on one of the larger data services in the nation. It is not designed
    to be 100% accurate or resemble any one BBS. The problems and
    situations found in this program are the result of many years
    of personally running a BBS.


Virtual BBS/Sysop: Then, and Now:
---------------------------------

    Several years ago, I used to run a BBS using TBBS (The Breadboard System,
    by eSoft.)  One of the most popular games at the time was Virtual Sysop.
    This game could only be played on TBBS systems.

    Years later, I stopped using TBBS as my bbs platform, and instead ran
    Telegard.  I wanted to be able to play all the popular online games
    that TBBS did not have the ability to run.  The downside to that was
    that I was no longer going to be able to run Virtual Sysop.  The authors
    had no intentions of porting the game over so that dropfile-type systems
    could run the game as well.

    So, the obvious solution was to create a version that could run from
    Telegard or any other BBS software that uses a dropfile.  What you
    now have in your hands is the result.   Since this is not a direct
    port of the original game, (Virtual Sysop I+II were written in a
    version of dBase III code, Virtual Sysop 3.00df was written in C using
    the OPENDOORS library), this game will not play the same as those that
    you may have seen on TBBS bbs systems.

    It turned out that the authours of the TBBS Virtual Sysop games DID
    have intentions of porting the game and/or converting to a web game.
    As a result, this door has been renamed to "Virtual BBS" to avoid any
    name comfusions as much as possible.


DROP FILE SUPPORT:
------------------

     - DOOR.SYS       (DOOR.SYS compatible systems)
     - DORINFOx.DEF   (QBBS/RBBS/Remote Access systems)
     - PCBOARD.SYS    (PCBOARD systems)
     - SFDOORS.DAT    (Spitfire systems)
     - CALLINFO.BBS   (Wildcat previous to v3.0 systems)

GAME FILES:
---------------

    The following files are required in order to run the program:

    - MSGSR.DAT         -   Responses to reading the mail.
    - MSGSA.DAT         -   Responses to the work actions.
    - MSGSV.DAT         -   Responses to the virus infection.
    - MAINMENU.ANS      -   The Main Menu.  Edit as you wish.
    - VIRUS.DAT         -   List of viruii (viruses?).  Edit as you wish.
    - VBBS.EXE          -   The game program.
    - VBBS.TXT          -   The user documentation
    - SYSOP.TXT         -   You're reading it now.
    - RESET.BAT         -   Used for resetting the game.
    - TEXT.DAT          -   The language file for the game.
                                Edit as you wish.
    - VBBS.DOC          -   Info on how the game is played.

    The following files are created the first time that the game is run:

    - USERS.VB3         -   Player info is kept here.
    - MAIL.VB3          -   Netmail info is kept here.

    The following files are not needed, but can be used to modify your
    game, see Modifying the Game section below:

    - APD.DAT			-  Actions Per Day
    - CPU.DAT			-  Define the names of the CPU's
    - SOFTWARE.DAT		-  Define the names of the BBS software packages.


WARRANTY:
---------

This product is provided "as is" without warranty of any kind. The entire
risk as to the results and performance of the program is assumed by you.
Futhermore, the author does not warrant, guarantee, or make any other
representations regarding the use of, or the results of the use of the
program, and you rely on the program and results solely at your own
risk. The author cannot and will not accept responsibility for system
damage, loss of profit, or any other special, consequential or incidental 
damages resulting from the use or inability to use this product.


USAGE:
------

This product is being distributed as FREEWARE.  However, it is also BETA
software.  You WILL encounter bugs and unavailable options.  If this game
is to evolve, your input will be muchly appreciated.

DISTRIBUTION:
-------------

You are encouraged to distribute this copy of VBBS provided the archive 
is kept in its original and unmodified state.  


SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:
--------------------

DOS Only Systems:

     - ANSI.SYS MUST be loaded in your CONFIG.SYS.  
       Users who are using some other type of ANSI emulation may get
       the system to work...ex. DVANSI.  This should be loaded at system
       boot up, not just in each process or window.
     
     - SHARE.EXE MUST be loaded in your CONFIG.SYS.

     - DOS 5.0 or later.

Windows Systems:

     - Windows 95/98/Me running Door32 compatible BBS software with DTR hack
     - Windows NT4/2000/XP running Door32 compatible BBS software

Setup:
------
Updating from older existing versions, v3.00df and older:
	The current version (v3.01df) requires that the game be reset,
	as there are changes in the data files that cannot be converted.  If
	you have an existing installation, the new installation will overwrite
	it, and you will need to run the reset.bat file.
    

New Installations:
    To setup VBBS on your BBS, edit your door bat file to look like this:

    @ECHO OFF
    CD \BBS\DOOR\VBBS
    VBBS.EXE -D C:\BBS\

    The only parameter that Virtual BBS needs is the path to the dropfile.

Windows Users:

    For use under Win32 compatible BBS software, call the door directly.  Ex:

    VBBS32.EXE -D C:\BBS\	

Linux Users:
	For linux use, you must supply the path and the door file name, in the
	proper case.  If the dropfile is in upper case, you must supply the name
	in upper case.

	Also, only the door.sys dropfile format is working at this time.

	example:
	/home/doors/vbbs/vbbs /home/bbs/node1/door.sys

Multinode Note:

    Be sure and pass the proper directory where you node stores it's dropfiles.  Ex:

    VBBS32.EXE -D C:\BBS\NODE*N

    Consult your BBS documentation for more information.


Modifying the Game:
-------------------

    It is possible to make minor changes to the playability of the game.
    You will find to sysop editable files, MSGSA.DAT, MSGSV.DAT and
    MSGSR.DAT.  They all use the same format for all files.

    MSGSx.DAT:

    Each time the (W)ork command is executed, a random entry from MSGSA.DAT
    is read.  Each time a virus is encountered, a random entry from MSGSV.DAT 
    is read.
    Each time a PROBLEM message is read, a random entry from MSGSR.DAT is
    read.  It is recommended that you leave the ACTION and VALUE fields set
    to zero (0) in this file.

    The format is as follows

    !@#  <----Denots the beginning of a record.  Must exist for each record.>
    0    <----ACTION #>
    0    <----VALUE>
    <The text of the result of a work command.>
    <It can be any number of lines.>

    Action Numbers:
    ---------------
    There are 14 possible actions, listed below.  Others may be added in
    later versions.

    Action                                          Value
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------
    0 - Nothing happens                             Not Used (0)
    1 - Add random free users.                      Not Used (0)
    2 - Random free users become subscribers.       Not Used (0)
    3 - Free users leave the system.                Not Used (0)
    4 - Paying users leave the system.              Not Used (0)
    5 - Add money to the bank.                      Ammount to add
    6 - Subtract money to the bank.                 Ammount to subtract
    7 - Upgrade CPU by one, up to the max.          Not Used (0)
    8 - Add Actions.                                Ammount to add
    9 - Random number of free user start paying.    Not Used (0)
   10 - Upgrade Harddrive by one, up to the max.    Not Used (0)
   11 - Downgrade CPU by one, down to the max.      Not Used (0)
   12 - Downgrade Harddrive, down wo the max.       Not Used (0)
   13 - Downgrade (remove) modem.                   Not Used (0)


   - APD.DAT

   The default number of actions per day is 100.  This number can be
   changed to you liking by including the text file APD.DAT.
   APD.DAT (Actions Per Day) is a text file with a single line.  This
   line contains the numberic number for the actions per day.  Anything
   more than one line will ge ignored.  If the number is unreadable,
   it will default to 100.

   Note, players will not see the change until the day after the change.

   - TEXT.DAT

   With v3.01df (rev 0424200) comes a new datafile called TEXT.DAT.  This
   file holds all the text of the game, and is configurable by the sysop.

   The format is:

   nnnn <text>

   where nnnn is a zero padded number, and <text> is the text to be
   displayed.  Be certain to have at least a single space between the
   number and the text.  Any spaces more than on will be displayed as
   part of the text.

   The text of this file can now include ANSI graphics and colors.  It can
   also include many macros.  The list of macros can be found at the top
   of TEXT.DAT.



Resetting the Game:
-------------------
    When you wish to begin a new game of Virtual BBS, just erase the 
    USERS.VB3 and MAIL.VB3 files.  Or, you can use the RESET.BAT file
    provided in this archive.

Bug Reports:
------------
    Yes, you will undoubtedly find some bugs and wish to report them.  Here
    is how to do it.

    Email  : dperry.geo@yahoo.com
    Netmail: Sysop at 1:211/105
    BBS    : Cyberia BBS cyberia.darktech.org
    Echos  : DOORGAMES, BBSDOORS and BBS_CARNIVAL
    UseNet : alt.bbs, alt.bbs.doors, most alt.bbs.* groups.

    I regularly read the above Fidonet echos.  If my echomail is flowing
    properly, I will likely be able to find your postings there.

    When making reports, please as be as specific as possible.
