
About Chew
----------
I wrote this little app to generate so-called .gum files which are basically
like any file archive such as .ZIP or .ARJ or whatever.  Why did I do this?
Well, 'cause it seemed cool at the time to create an installation program
that would use an archived file.  You have to admit that back in the MS-DOS
days, it was pretty cool to down a file and only have a data file and an
install app.  Archiving everything beforehand also worked to protect the
data somewhat, meaning that when you installed, all the data was pretty
much guaranteed to be the original data.

Do you need it?
---------------
Probably not, but I left it in here for completeness.  If you want to use
the install program, you'll definitely need to use Chew to create the
proper GUM files for it to decompress.

How to use it
-------------
To use chew, just run it like this:

	chew [[destination.gum] [file archive list]]

The destination.gum is the name of the archive to create, such as CLANS.GUM.
For the most part, you'll want CLANS.GUM created if you're going to be using
the install program.  The file archive list is *another file*, not an
actual list of files, unlike, say, PKZIP.  The file is a regular text file
that contains a filename on each line.  It's going to be case-sensitive
for unix, so make sure you get it right.  Here's a sample archive list
that I actually used.

    files.lst
    ---------
    clans.exe
    clans.exe
    config.exe
    reset.exe
    clans.pak
    clans.ini
    quests.ini
    quests.hlp
    reset.hlp
    clanad.ans
    clans.cfj
    news.txt
    /Outbound
    route.smp
    worldndx.smp
    upgrade.doc
    clans.doc
    whatsnew.095
    runclans.bat
    lockout.txt

Like I said, each line is just a filename.  I believe it only works with files in the
current directory, but it might work elsewhere as well.  I've never tried.  You might
wonder what the /Outbound means.  It's not actually a file but a way of saying
that when the archive is expanded (by the install app), a directory called Outbound
must be created.

Finally, if you leave out both the parameters above, the defaults of "archive.gum" and
"files.lst" will be used.  You must either use both parameters or none, you can't 
leave only one out.  Change the code if you don't like this. :-)

Credit
------
As it says in the code, the compression technique was lifted off sixpack.c
by Philp G. Gage.