is the ugliest person in the realm. Easily.
is a cow - Not even a good looking one.
needs a wizard to fix that ugly mug!
is so ugly she makes The Old Woman look good!
has breasts that sag hugely.
is so dumb, she doesn't know how dumb she is.
isn't what you would call good, or even ok looking.
reminds me of a cabbage.
gives new meaning to the word 'dingleberry'.
needs to learn the meaning of 'showering'.
scares small children with her face!
doesn't make it easy to tell her gender.
doesn't have very proud parents.
is a little on the hefty side. (Moo)
isn't what you would call 'pretty'...
isn't a cow, but she ain't that great either.
is better then other women out there.  A few anyway.
should be the birthcontrol spokesperson.
is ok..If you don't care about outward appearances.
is ok, except her left eye is always looking at her right.
is alright looking...After ten mugs of ale.
makes Roseanne seem thin.
has a nice face - but her body is of ten year old boy!
is a nice girl.  But only girl
doesn't seem to possess a thing called breasts.
doesn't seem to like to comb her hair.
is only one step away from good looking..But a long one.
seems to ALWAYS smell funky.
wouldn't look that bad, if she washed.
always smells like Seths cologne!
is very average looking.  Not bad at all.
is fine except for that huge nose!
is a pretty girl, but with no heart.
is fine, but she wears a jockstrap.
is fairly cute, but her hair is too short.
is definatly above average - but only just.
has an honest face.  But does that mean she's honest?
is a man killer.  Literally.
face doesn't hurt the eyes, but she is no Violet!
has a great body, but a bad complexion.
looks good - but seems a little superficial.
is rather attractive.. Not at all ugly.
is a very suitable woman..
seems to use deodorant, a definite plus.
is very sweet.  In her own way.
is definitley a good catch.
is nice in body and spirit.
would make a good mother.
seems to have a lot going for her.
likes to help the elderly, very decent of her.
is a very good woman - been through a lot.
is very secure and sure of herself.
has an irresistable lopsided grin.
has more curves then a circle!
looks like Shannen Doherty!
has very large er, tracts of land.
has a voice like a trickling stream.
has a huge amount of honor.
has many virtues, including not nagging!
is smart enough to watch 90210!
always seems to smell like a rose.
is a real woman!  A knocka knocka knockout!
looks like a blond, yet is smart.
looks so good, she should be in a rag mag!
could make a eunuch grow a tree!
rocks the world with every blow.
is sweet package of trusting beauty.
is a blue jean baby queen.
would give her life for her love.
can supposedly please a man all night.
makes the Olson Twins look like schoolgirls!
makes Kim Basinger look plain!
is like a medieval Cindy Crawford!
has lots of men chasing her.
is grade A female - With nice mellons!
is too sexy for her hat.  What do you think of that?
is note a fake, she is for real.
is so pretty, she would make a tree hard.
makes men quiver at the slightest touch.
dances better then anyone in the village!
has a sexier accent then By¢rk almost!
makes Jennie Garth look homely!
commands love by just walking by.
has a better sense of humor than Tim Allen.
does NOT shop at the goodwill..A very good syne.
would look wonderful no matter what clothes she wore.
is very nearly the perfect looking woman.
is an absolute dream!
looks a bit like Shirly Temple - (When she looked good)
makes men tingle like when they climbed the rope in..
has a better top ten list then David Letterman!
has a smile more beautiful then the sunrise.
is so good looking she makes people varclempht!
must have been modeled after a model.
makes men go insane!  So hot!
is truly a work of art.
is as good looking as Violet!
makes mens chemicals boil!
will still be there in the morning!
is the IT.  There is no one better looking.
has a fantastic body, and soul to match.
