is the ugliest person in the realm. Easily.
looks like a fresh piece of troll dung.
needs a wizard to fix that ugly mug!
is so ugly he makes Barak look good!
has arms are made of noodles.
is so dumb, he doesn't know how dumb he is.
isn't what you would call good, or even ok looking.
reminds me of a cabbage.
gives new meaning to the word 'dingleberry'.
needs to learn the meaning of 'showering'.
scares small children with his face!
isn't the ugliest mother, but he looks like a woman.
doesn't have very proud parents.
makes women give up on the male race.
isn't what you would call 'handsome'...
isn't troll dung, but he ain't that great either.
is better then other fellows out there.  A few anyway.
should be the birthcontrol spokesperson.
is ok..If you don't care about outward appearances.
is ok, except his left eye is always looking at his right.
is alright looking...After 1 mugs of ale.
makes halder seem ultra cool.
has a nice face - but his body is of an Old Woman!
is a nice boy.  But only a boy
wouldn't be so bad if his breasts didn't sag like an Old Womans!
must be a level one boy, he's so weak.
is only one step away from good looking..But a long one.
screams like a woman when he is scared!
drinks milk at the Inn!
always smells like Violet's perfume!
is very average looking.  Not bad at all.
is fine except for that huge nose!
is a pretty boy, but with no heart.
is fine, but he wears lipstick.
is fairly strapping, but his hair is SOOO long!
is definatly above average - but only just.
has an honest face.  But does that mean he's honest?
is a lady killer.  Literally.
face doesn't hurt the eyes, but he is no Seth Able!
has a great body, but a bad complexion.
looks good - but seems a little superficial.
is rather attractive.. Not at all ugly.
is a very suitable suitor..
seems to use deodorant, a definate plus.
is very sweet.  In his own way.
is definitley a good catch.
is nice in body and spirit.
would make a good father.
seems to have a lot going for him.
likes to help the elderly, very decent of him.
is a very good man - been through a lot.
is very secure and sure of himself.
has an irresistable lopsided grin.
has a beautiful body.
is a wonderful warrior.
is a hero, a very good man to have around.
has mighty pecks!
has a huge amount of honor.
has many virtues, including putting the lid down.
is smart enough to run if he has to.
can quaff more liquor an an hour then anyone!
is a real man.  A knocka knocka knockout!
is quite a nice chuck of meat.
has features chiseled in stone.
has muscles hard as rock - yet a sensitive side.
rocks the world with every blow.
is a noble individual.
can drink a river and not burst.  Yes it's true.
would give his life for his love.
can supposedly please a woman all night.
makes the Baldwin brothers look like schoolboys.
makes Stallone look like he needs to workout.
is like a medieval Fabio!
has lots of women chasing him.
is grade A male - With a nice T-Bone!
is too sexy for his hat.  What do you think of that?
is note a fake, he is for real.
is so muscular, his breast are larger then most womens!
makes women quiver at the slightest touch.
dances better then anyone in the village!
has a sexier accent then By¢rk almost!
makes Jason Priestly look homely!
sings nearly as good as Seth Able.
has a better sense of humor than Tim Allen.
does NOT shop at the goodwill..A very good syne.
would look handsome no matter what clothes he wore.
is very nearly the perfect looking man.
is an absolute dream!
looks a bit like Elvis - (When he looked good)
could lift a house if he had to!
has a better top ten list then David Letterman!
has a smile like butter!
is so good looking he makes people varclempht!
must have been modeled after Hurcules!
makes women go insane!  So hot!
is truly a work of art.
is as good looking as Seth Able!
makes womens chemicals boil!
will hold a woman afterwords!
is the IT.  There is no one better looking.
has a God Like body, and soul to match.
