~ShortHelp
    Displayed both when the user enters TOP, and when the user presses
ENTER without typing anything.  It follows the list of the names of people
that are in the Pub.

Parameters:  None
~SitDown
    Displayed when the user enters TOP for the first time.  This item is
purely to set a "mood" and is not important.

Parameters:  None
~EnterName
    This is a prompt that is displayed in LOCAL and LAN modes when the user
needs to enter his or her real name.  You should specify a colour setting
at the end of this item to indicate what colour the user's name will be
echoed back in.  A space at the end of this item is also recommended.

Parameters:  None
~Searching
    Displayed while TOP is searching for the user's name in the user file.

Parameters:  @1 - Name being searched
~EnterPW
    This item is the prompt for the user's password.  It is only displayed
if the user's password in the user file is not blank.  A colour setting at
the end is recommended, and will be the colour used to echo back the
password "mask" characters (* by default).  A space at the end is
recommended.

Parameters:  None
~InvalidPW
    Displayed each time the user enters an invalid password.

Parameters:  None
~MaxPW
    Displayed if the user does not enter the correct password within the
maximum number of allowed tries.

Parameters:  @1 - Maximum number of tries allowed
~LogMaxPW
    This is what will be written to the log when the user does not enter
the correct password within the maximum number of tries.

Parameters:  None
~Greeting
    Displayed to the user after his/her user record has been found, as a
welcome.

Parameters:  @1 - User's login name
             @2 - User's record number
             @3 - Number of days since the user last entered TOP
~Setup
    Displayed while TOP logs in the user and notifies other people in TOP
that the user has entered.  This does not usually take very long, so you
can use this item for nearly anything.

Parameters:  None
~LogHandle
    Written to the log when the user logs in if handles are enabled.  If
handles are not enabled, this item is not used.

Parameters:  @1 - User's handle.
~LogStartSignOn
    Written to the log when a user begins the New-User Signup Procedure.

Parameters:  None
~EnterHandle
    Prompts the user to enter a handle that will be used to identify his or her
self in TOP.  It is also used in the Bio. Editor when a user changes their
handle.  It is not used if users are not allowed to enter/change their handles.
A colour setting at the end is recommended, and will be used to echo back the
handle that the user types.  A space at the end is also recommended.

Parameters:  None
~LogAbortSignOn
    Written to the log when a user aborts the New-User Signup.

Parameters:  None
~HandleInUse
    Displayed when a user enters a handle that is already in use inside
TOP.  Not used if users are not allowed to enter or change their handles.

Parameters:  None
~EnterNewPW
    Prompt for the user to enter a new password.  Used when the users
changes his or her password.  A colour setting at the end is recommended,
and will be the colour used to echo back the password "mask" character (*
by default), and a space at the end is also recommended.

Parameters:  None
~ConfirmPW
    Prompt for the user to confirm the newly entered password by entering
it a second time.  Used when the users changes his or her password.  A
colour setting at the end is recommended, and is used to echo back the
password "mask" character (* by default).  A space at the end is also
recommended.

Parameters:  None
~PWNoMatch
    Displayed if the password the user enters to confirm a changed password
does not match the one originally entered.  Used when a user changes their
password.

Parameters:  None
~GenderPrompt
    Prompts the user for their new gender.  This is used when the user
first signs in to TOP, and also when the user is changing their gender (if
gender changes are permitted).  NOTE:  AS MENTIONED, THIS IS _ALWAYS_ USED
IN THE NEW-USER SIGNON PROCEDURE, SO DON'T NEGLECT IT JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE
GENDER CHANGES DISABLED!  A space at the end is recommended.  Unlike most
prompts, you will NOT need a colour setting here, because the text
displayed once the user selects a gender, the language item for that gender
will be displayed, and these items usually (and should) have their own
colour settings.

Parameters:  None
~GenderKeys
    These are the keys used to select a gender.  This is used when the user
first signs in to TOP, and also when the user is changing their gender (if
gender changes are permitted).  NOTE:  AS MENTIONED, THIS IS _ALWAYS_ USED
IN THE NEW-USER SIGNON PROCEDURE, SO DON'T NEGLECT IT JUST BECAUSE YOU HAVE
GENDER CHANGES DISABLED!

    The first character is the key to select the Male gender, and the second
character is the key that selects the Female gender.  If this item is longer
than two characters, all other characters will be ignored.

Parameters:  None
~Female
    This is simply the word "Female".  It should include colour codes if
desired.

Parameters:  None
~Male
    This is simply the word "Male".  It should include colour codes if desired.

Parameters:  None
~EnterDescPrompt
    Prompts the user to enter a short description of themselves.  This is used
when a new user signs into TOP.  A space at the end is recommended

Parameters:  None
